README.md, before:

# grunt-flipcss

> Flips LTR-based CSS files to RTL, or the opposite.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/behrang/grunt-flipcss.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/behrang/grunt-flipcss)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/behrang/grunt-flipcss.png)](https://gemnasium.com/behrang/grunt-flipcss)
[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/behrang/grunt-flipcss/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.1`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-flipcss --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-flipcss');
```

## The "flipcss" task

### Overview
This plugin is using [flipcss](https://github.com/operasoftware/flipcss).

In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `flipcss` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
      warnings: false,
      flipPseudo: false,
      flipUrls: true,
      flipSelectors: true
    },
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

#### options.warnings
Type: `boolean`
Default value: `false`

If output warnings should be printed to console.

#### options.flipPseudo
Type: `boolean`
Default value: `false`

If :before and :after pseudo selectors should be flipped.

#### options.flipUrls
Type: `boolean`
Default value: `true`

If words left and right inside url() should be flipped.

#### options.flipSelectors
Type: `boolean`
Default value: `true`

If words left and right inside selectors should be flipped.

#### options.cleanDirection
Type: `string`
Default value: `null`
Possible values: `rtl` or `ltr`

see: https://github.com/oyvindeh/flipcss#what-is-done-when-cleaning



### Usage Examples

#### Flip one file
In this example, a single file is flipped.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    app: {
      files: {
        'css/main-rtl.css': 'css/main.css'
      }
    }
  }
})
```

#### Flip multiple files
In this example, multiple files are flipped.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    app: {
      files: {
        'css/main-rtl.css': 'css/main.css',
        'css/theme-rtl.css': 'css/theme.css'
      }
    }
  }
})
```

#### Flip multiple files to one file
In this example, multiple files are flipped and concatenated to a single file.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    app: {
      files: {
        'css/rtl.css': ['main.css', 'theme.css']
      }
    }
  }
})
```

#### Flip multiple file groups to multiple files
In this example, files in two directories are flipped.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    options: {},
    app: {
      files: [
        {
          expand: true,
          cwd: 'build/css',
          src: '*.css',
          dest: 'build/app/css'
        },
        {
          expand: true,
          cwd: 'build/theme',
          src: '*.css',
          dest: 'build/app/theme'
        }
      ]
    }
  }
})
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

Commit message:

add new option to avoid flipping
add readme documentation
add unit test

feature

README.md, after:

# grunt-flipcss

> Flips LTR-based CSS files to RTL, or the opposite.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/behrang/grunt-flipcss.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/behrang/grunt-flipcss)
[![Dependency Status](https://gemnasium.com/behrang/grunt-flipcss.png)](https://gemnasium.com/behrang/grunt-flipcss)
[![Bitdeli Badge](https://d2weczhvl823v0.cloudfront.net/behrang/grunt-flipcss/trend.png)](https://bitdeli.com/free "Bitdeli Badge")

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.1`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-flipcss --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-flipcss');
```

## The "flipcss" task

### Overview
This plugin is using [flipcss](https://github.com/operasoftware/flipcss).

In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `flipcss` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    options: {
      // Task-specific options go here.
      warnings: false,
      flipPseudo: false,
      flipUrls: true,
      flipSelectors: true
    },
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

#### options.warnings
Type: `boolean`
Default value: `false`

If output warnings should be printed to console.

#### options.flipPseudo
Type: `boolean`
Default value: `false`

If :before and :after pseudo selectors should be flipped.

#### options.flipUrls
Type: `boolean`
Default value: `true`

If words left and right inside url() should be flipped.

#### options.flipSelectors
Type: `boolean`
Default value: `true`

If words left and right inside selectors should be flipped.

#### options.cleanDirection
Type: `string`
Default value: `null`
Possible values: `rtl` or `ltr`

see: https://github.com/oyvindeh/flipcss#what-is-done-when-cleaning

#### options.noFlip
Type: `boolean`
Default value: `false`

If the flip action should be avoided. It can be used to clean without flipping.


### Usage Examples

#### Flip one file
In this example, a single file is flipped.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    app: {
      files: {
        'css/main-rtl.css': 'css/main.css'
      }
    }
  }
})
```

#### Flip multiple files
In this example, multiple files are flipped.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    app: {
      files: {
        'css/main-rtl.css': 'css/main.css',
        'css/theme-rtl.css': 'css/theme.css'
      }
    }
  }
})
```

#### Flip multiple files to one file
In this example, multiple files are flipped and concatenated to a single file.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    app: {
      files: {
        'css/rtl.css': ['main.css', 'theme.css']
      }
    }
  }
})
```

#### Flip multiple file groups to multiple files
In this example, files in two directories are flipped.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  flipcss: {
    options: {},
    app: {
      files: [
        {
          expand: true,
          cwd: 'build/css',
          src: '*.css',
          dest: 'build/app/css'
        },
        {
          expand: true,
          cwd: 'build/theme',
          src: '*.css',
          dest: 'build/app/theme'
        }
      ]
    }
  }
})
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).
